It was possible that you might have followed me.
They served in the school, but I was a man.
The first of all, I'm going to sign the staff.
You should write it down.
Second, right.
But I'm not here.
That's fine.
Uh.
Going to the first of this meeting, I'm full of five occasions.
I'm going to call the bus to button.
A well-enacted baby child will be assigned to New York City.
But his training was over.
And, uh, outside of the center, south of the David's Chin,
with a half of finished his training.
The center, as I say, is the standard year 10 year by.
He would like to have signed a sign to New York City, A.L.A.
Now, so keep it not going.
Why?
He said keep the body for supposed to be as many bodies as he does.
He's not going to do a five-time or so, Stephen.
That's what I think they were.
That's anything else you've English that you heard,
but I'm an...
Attention.
Why?
How's the way?
One, uh, quiet, and that was the correct.
I was somewhat sensitive to this thing as this question about David Chin,
being signed to New York City after his training.
I don't know when it came up with, like, an question on me.
Uh.
By the...
And finally, I signed on a card, be now.
You, uh, wrote me a letter.
By you think?
He signed a sign.
The one that I was just wrote must have checked, and ended the record.
In which you, uh, I'll tell you this there.
It's not the beginning.
I told him to take a left hand, put on the warning.
And, uh, I just want to remind you that letter.
I'm the son of a...
That's the particular.
Follow.
I'll ask you who they're not.
You and some of them are quite different,
but it's not the same as the last time you've got a baby shine.
I love it.
Um, something for the party is going to get back prepared if you have a right,
and I don't like it at all.
I believe you said the state that...
...subject to November's 17th.
You never had any conversation with Mr. Lycona with reference to Shine.
That's what I call it.
And so you might have conversation with the Senator who's on January 14th,
to shake.
For the next time.
Did Mr. Frank Carr ever contact?
You are in touch with you, Shine.
Subsequent to you, there is a sudden hint of November.
Just a sudden hint of November.
I'll recall it a little later.
Now Mr. Secretary, you stay in your paintings as I recall.
That no-one else than 60,000 telephone calls were made to you.
Our two years of violence, we weapons to favor resolve,
cover into a treatment to baby shine.
I cannot tell a phone call between the Sunday and the day of time.
Follow the message you give in to maybe you mean your members would expect.
Yes, sir.
I...I...I...
...so about five weeks ago, both were well-opened.
I'm sorry.
You have a bizarre call, states that there were some magnitude personal contacts with you.
Our members would give a response to their concerns today.
That's correct, that's right.
Making you total out of 84 contacts,
even their impression of our telephone,
we'd love to meet you in the eight position,
our separate treatment for shiny left-for-ate.
So I will say, Mr. Dijkens would love us to shine.
We love us to shine, yet.
My left-for-been-been is not all of them,
but in the form of requests for means for the absences.
I...
...stune the duty-to-be things of that kind.
I think a large number of them,
or I know a large number of them, or for that first,
but I would not want to say that every one of those 84 contacts
in which the subject of shine was assessed well for,
specific programs for three, most of my people.
Only the occasion of the life conversation you have with the senior,
on 14th and January,
you have sent many of us to pass them a human year,
my things for perhaps a couple of weeks,
is that correct?
About three weeks, yes, sir.
You really got a new period.
Stay further in the month.
You received the call.
Our contact is personally
with reference to any other soldier in the field that you're asking.
In any comparable number of times,
others are not.
This period, please, I want to ask you this question.
Did you see you?
That these efforts and the gifts on the high Earth,
this, that, on the hands of shine,
were made by some of them at high Earth.
Personally, individually,
all of the United States Senator on the one hand,
all of the favor made by him not only as a senator,
but also as a member of the so-called
my country investigating committee
with all of it due to his powers, we'll say.
Thought we were in question to respect to that?
Well, my question was Mr. Jenkins,
that Mr. Carl,
my question will be written with reference to tell you
what kind of a date to begin with.
Yes, sir, I was going to be like that if I may.
I just want to say my impression was that Mr. Carl
was tremendously interested in Mr. Shawn
and then having special treatment for Mr. Shawn.
What do you do, Mr. Carl?
How is Mr. Wright doing?
In the duty,
Mr. Carl occupying the powerful position
that he did as chief counsel for this investigating committee.
I may not be occupying the powerful position
that he did as chief counsel for this committee.
Do you see that he's using his laws in the change?
And for real, you're giving the rules of the Army
with reference to the treatment of the quality of the inductee
or the acting.
I do.
Mr. Chairman.
My pleasure.
Mr. President, Mr. Chairman,
I think sir,
that it may be well on you,
Mr. President, Mr. Carl,
I'm exerting that Mr. Allen was the Mr. Stevens,
they have to produce the inspector general's report
and the special consideration Mr. Shawn got.
I'm curious, you know what?
Special consideration you got?
I may ask you, you know what?
Now, maybe I may just accept that you did this.
I've ordered Mr. Jenkins,
you don't mind any of this.
I've been doing it by the end of my own mouth.
Chairman, may I state that I am a copy of the close exam
in the Whitney's account?
You asked Mr. Senator to do a few questions,
and I think first matters will be fair.
I may be carrying my end,
all members of the committee,
and the Council's above rise,
the Sunday rules that will be offering,
of the count on which you proceed without a pillow.
Say you want to be for a point of order,
and it's a little bit just right to give
a decumption of final thinking,
if members of the committee or members of the council
can go into the end of the day,
the question to be about that.
Mr. Chairman, come on in, Mr. Counsel.
I would like to, if I may,
for the lecture, get some information from the chair.
So we don't know if any of the members of the committee
are going to hear it though,
after an effort to see how it happened.
Now, do a final look at the problem,
yes, Mr. Chairman.
That's what I got to say.
I'd like to know if any of the members of the committee
are going to work here,
I see request for the trust committee over there.
I'll ask the committee to follow some of my comments.
The committee's going to be running out of the committee,
and they're going to be making sure that the committee
is having a good time.
Thank you, Mr. Chairman.
Thank you.
You have a million to get your impressions
and opinions with regards to efforts
or pressure on our list of comments,
but getting back to my previous question,
with regards to some of your comments,
and you will follow up, of course, in the end.
I, if not asking too much,
I would appreciate having a report of Mr. Taken.
Councilor Taken, thank you.
Thank you, Mr. Chairman.
I don't mind if you need me, maybe.
Do you consider that we as your colleagues,
these conversations, these statements,
you have the meeting on the part of our Senate of America,
where I make that in the interest with respect to science,
where I make that in the United States,
personal individual,
I am not a face-punder all the money.
I am only a member of the hand-by-not-only United States Secretary,
but I am chairman of the powerful investigating committee
which he headed with all his judicial power
in what capacity did you consider
who was acting Mr. Stevens in these days,
the press may have been mad at him.
From what seconds at first,
I thought that it was a...
You might say a sort of a personal thing in some way.
That was the way it began.
That is, it went along over a period of time
and continued to recur.
And the chief counsel, Mr. Kong,
I assure you, the reason was for you to be subject.
I finally have no other course than to conclude
that Mr. Kong's activities were with the knowledge and approval
of the chairman of this committee.
And I take it, did you?
That these days, your close and pressures
you have been taking were occurring simultaneously
through the investigation of this committee
of a department of the Army to report my...
Yes sir?
Now, this is your second day.
I will ask you whether or not in your opinion
is to find high-potty anniversaries
at considering any participation
in this general pattern of the day.
So, two interviews results.
Injected to secure favors for David Shaq.
I was told, Mr. Jenkins,
that Mr. Kong's activity is in this connection,
where extremely limited by comparison with Mr. Kong.
I don't think that the nearly interesting subject
was present the time when it came out.
I don't think he did anything
through keeping them coming up.
But by the same thought,
in my particular first time contact with it,
Mr. Kong would not have anything like this.
I sure, I'm sorry, Mr. Kong.
You would say generally that he was at your two position.
I see one.
Oh, I see.
Mr. Stevens, I want to ask you this final question
on direct examination.
And you make him cite your counsel
if you desire before you answer.
Is there any other factors
or any other factors or circumstances?
Against the board to the charge you have made against
the investigating committee.
About which I have not asked you on direct examination
that you now want to relate to this committee.
Yes.
I think Mr. Jenkins,
I think that Mr. Adams has a great deal of information
that will be prepared in which is related to many of them.
Arioles employees will push either way
or they can contact with it.
I'm talking about matters that you need
with him, your own personal knowledge.
I think I've got a substantial call about sir.
This is in the form of a statement.
Councilor McRae.
You appreciate the fight Mr. Adams with my position
is there a peculiar of Mr. Stevens
that my position is if you're on representing the committee.
That is any neither army nor the senator
or the senator or members of his family.
And in a proper place of the value of your testimony,
a proper evaluation act.
A cost examination is proper so that the committee's attention
may be called to any matter of the top of the sign out
of the contract.
You appreciate that.
Yes sir.
You further know that the Chinese have been prepared against you
and Mr. Adams by some of the members of his family.
Yes sir.
You know what?
You shall be gone.
Yes sir.
Mr. Stevens.
You shall excuse a name against the foreigner
and the foreigner.
Now I excuse you in making the power of the pre-legal,
as you're in the mud, mud, and mud.
You can even make mud aside.
I remember this fact.
You should not cover it in your opinion.
To have due consideration.
To the work in which they would shine with indistence,
rule this committee, and to the work in which the committee was engaged.
If I ride in your opinion, I think forward title of your election consideration.
In short, it's going to call my third emergency or any number of its back.
With reference, we will say to me who is not a financial man.
Might be considered a new human extraordinary.
And you might consider what unparalleled pressure was being brought to bear for me, that's correct?
I'm a vice-chair that I didn't quite follow that purpose.
All right.
I'll do it again.
I'm going to let Senator McCarthy and the members of his staff,
could he even say a dozen calls for a man who was engaged in monocency work?
A few stickers and I mean no reflection on a ditch sticker.
Might not be considered a election number times for intercession on behalf of that particular individual.
That's it.
I still have a lower hand.
That number calls and that number contacts were made by and on behalf of a man
who had special training in the expedition of the Spionage and the Vimperation of Communism
in the Army and other departments of the government.
Whose work was a vital importance to the nation of the French and security?
I mean, those circumstances Mr. Cingles is a novice hero for me.
But the same number of calls for him for the letter in the sky
if my aim were not to be considered ex-yodinate.
I think it would be compared to straw now.
And if I may, so I might as well back to your first question on the subject,
because I'm not sure why.
I misunderstood.
It tends to me, if I'm quickly being raised,
that I still be ex-yodinate for one man will not be ex-yodinate for another,
but taking on the gaiic you work to maintain a malignment.
Or they couldn't be a worker so I thought that was what I'm getting at.
Now I miss my even rather last again, I need a source.
I do not know if I'm your first costume giver dealing with this situation.
You asked me a question about the whether or not this was proper
to take your David Shines qualifications into account for something about it.
I think the place and time to do that Mr. Jenkins was prior to his being drafted.
Now, after he was drafted by selective service,
which is a complete way in the common arm of the government.
I think once they selected for this process have worked,
but it was then he come in upon some of the powerful of his staff
not to make the call, but as you refer to the to the army.
Then here's your opinion that I choose the processes
of the draft to have been fully completed, I should give you.
And the subject is gaiic you're living in the army.
That would be a good question to this politician to the character of work
in which you engage the investigation of what's been on your other lines.
But any effort on the part of this in your own is probably a very clear
effort I mean, I could rely on it with all my might.
And anyway, I have to work through the testing that we do with all the voices
coming to the audience, the work of solidifications work,
and it's a satin McCarthy, one of the call of the law attention.
But I have no objection to it.
But I do, Jack.
I'll apply to the amount of attention that was devoted
to Mr. Secretary Case.
Mr. Secretary, he's not a fact.
That you did make concessions today with shine with reference
to these evidences, this pipe is et cetera.
Mr. Jenkins, we bailed and our reason we bailed is because as I said on Friday,
we did not want, I was not wanting army to begin the position of obstructing
the work of a committee of Congress that at that time was engaged in investigating the army.
And the war, since this conform to this committee's fire,
has been tightened by selective service and have been adopted in the army or was involved with it.
My position was that in the tightening of process, from the time he left his assignment
and served the worst committee, I'm sure he became a hundred percent honest product.
But it was reasonable during that change over our transition period.
But he should be not available for come to be closed, and for come to be closed so long.
And you did not put all this training, and you do it, Jack.
Yes sir.
And he was given an extra mailing, large number of paces and ease evidences, wasn't he?
That's correct.
And Mr. Stevens got this because he was a consultant on a committee, attempting to end our
tracking down the location of communism in the army, what that's right.
That's right, now it's starting to last as a major chemist.
I ask you now to give the Stevens version by the first investment.
All the investigations by Senator McIntyre and his staff are for tomorrow.
I want you in version of the work that was done by the Senator and his staff.
The guy should work with me, the impartanth of the mere opinion, the most sensitive by our
own lack of necessity by our religion to put them on.
All right sir.
From the Vietnam Hoganney panel, caucus room in the Senate office building in Washington,
mutual has been bringing you special coverage of the congressional hearings in Senator Joseph
on a condition.
Sorry, I'm on October 8, 1953.
I assume that I've worked with the unbiased powers of this committee, tired of silly,
opening up those hearings.
The army, it's out, how it was been carrying on, been by the Victoria work, as it was
in the last month.
We, under the new criteria of the new administration, matters of the security, working on the
cases, whether it's the mood, any possible questions.
I ask you, prior to the panel, prior to the formal opening of the fourth month carrying
the six suspensions from the Vietnam, prior to the security briefs.
In other words, the two are in the video.
We're not, but it's no question of the world involved by two, so one of the members is
to receive it.
The law to call information or because the person might talk too much if I think of that time,
I don't know if I just, well, it was not, I would say, but for the sake of the force
suspended, high, out of eight, maybe two security briefs.
But for tomorrow, they might have been, for a month, they might have been, I'm sorry, and
you're saying that the labor to come here as your self-report, the effort for you
and you can see a not-that-a-remarkable committee, that's correct, that's right.
She's not in the picture.
How often you open up a panel here in the present, and you might have been, now follow her.
They are until very far in the opening of the hearings and up to this time.
As well as them, an additional, by-man, out of suspension.
As you are, no, no.
When my husband looks at me, no, sir, as you result, I might have been in the last
this way, if I may, because I don't think you've done a lot of an external work for
person, I might have been in the first place.
So, he's going in, I think, maybe we're in powder to a year, so no, I can, when can you
certainly find this right?
But if you can't, I should get to know I choose for both, where you can, you know my question.
But do I want to answer?
He's saying you, the new procuring with suspension of six million.
So, when you need calls to support Mama?
That's right.
Now, I think it's in this record, the fund and the labor for Mama feels the size of a labor
institution, if not, as much of a process, but I'm a person who's a member of this
tremendous company, the security relationship, that's right.
And time is where we're going to be, again, the attorney can manage your Mama for
other people's rights.
I will.
Well, if it's one of those rights, I guess, for a one-hour, so I'll write on it, sir.
Go away.
Now, you have to, for you, this is $16 million, is that correct?
That's right.
Now, we need to be interested in some of the rights, and we'll take you.
We are.
Now, we will.
And of course, we have this timing, and when the time comes, we will get to the right.
That's right.
I need to look at the experience, to study those rules, both of you are still meeting state.
Uh, Mr. Giants, I'm out of it.
If you are still a good man, my story is about support Mama and I, but I want to go to that,
first of my, I do it.
I'm the other man.
If you want to learn the details of everything, the world of cases, also have got no experience
during their body with this simple question, where any of them or any of these states are
in the brain, this week, out of the way, I can't answer that, but I can so well, because I will
be co-hosted 25 before involved.
So, I shall reiterate to stand at that final nine-hour.
But 13 of those have been ruined so far, non-cumpling positions that will be placed
by a fellow hard job for our failure and not for a hard time, but for the sure of not
for a good one.
Now, last night, I was here to the back of Mr. Dustball, no titles of, uh, a commissioned
certain, as I'm pretty good at, to a 50-13 key.
And so, we are, and we're going toward our non-cumpling positions, and we are going to